chore(ia): Tidy MDN meta dir (#37784)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/index.md

---
title: MDN Web Docs
slug: MDN
page-type: landing-page
---

{{MDNSidebar}}

> **MDN Web Docs** is a free-to-use resource documenting open web technologies.

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
**MDN Web Docs** is a free-to-use resource that documents open web technologies.
```

> Our mission is to provide developers with the information they need to easily build projects on the web platform.

Reviewer: What is "the web platform"?

Author: Good point, we should explain that.

>this is a huge PR to review.

Sorry, and thank you! :)
